Release notes 20220418 (#356)
circonus/docs: content/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2022.md

# Release Notes 2022

## 2022-04-18

[EL7 pinned
repo](/circonus/on-premises/installation/installation/#el7-repo):
`baseurl=http://updates.circonus.net/centos/7/release-20220418/x86_64/`

### ca

Version: 0.1.1630083710 (f5879e1)

* No changes since [2021-09-06](/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2021#2021-09-06)

### caql_broker

Version: 0.1.1649886155 (bbae29b)

* No changes since [2022-02-21](/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2022#2022-02-21)

### data_storage

Related roles: caql_broker, fault_detection, stratcon

Version: 0.1.1649955505 (8f92668)

**Function Removal Notice**

> Metric Search v2 and Metric Clusters have been deprecated for some time.  We
> plan to remove these deprecated functions soon for the SaaS site, and in the
> subsequent Inside release. This will affect CAQL checks as well as CAQL
> Datapoints on graphs. The UI will now show users a warning when one of the
> deprecated functions is used. Circonus offers a more powerful tag-search
> feature, exposed as `find()` in CAQL.

> * Fix CAQL queries to explicitly disallow queries on a single time point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CAQL on a single time point now return 4XX instead of 5XX.
```

Author: Reworded slightly.
